It would be best if you could forgive me
By the way, tomorrow happens to be my father's birthday banquet
This is today.
You must go!
Oh, that's natural.
Qin Shao personally invited us
That's a compliment. How can we not give up?
Now that the sunny day has arrived
I won't disturb you, I'll go first
Hahaha chief
Mr. Zhang, don't go
beast
What are you talking to a trash like Zhang Shoucheng?
Hey, this kind of birthday party?
Can't we just go?
It would be best if you could forgive me
By the way, tomorrow?
It happened to be my father's birthday party
This is today.
You must go!
Oh, that's natural.
Qin Shao personally invited us
That's a compliment. How can we not give up?
Now that the sunny day has arrived
I won't disturb you, I'll go first
Hahaha
chief
Mr. Zhang, don't go
beast
What are you talking to a trash like Zhang Shoucheng?
Hey, this kind of birthday party?
Can't we just go?
What about someone at his level?
There is no need to go at all
Just let him go
Oh, dear.
Qiao Taijun, don't blame me for being rude.
I'm coming today.
Just to ask for the forgiveness of the city guard
otherwise
I'm not going to deliver the invitations myself.
This is oops
beast
This Zhang Shoucheng is not from our Qi family
Don't be angry with our Qi family, it's been a long wait.
How about giving the teacher a pair of tweezers?
What's the matter with you?
Did my dad say it?
This birthday banquet, Zhang Shoucheng must go
If he doesn't go
No one in your Qi family will give him face
It's hard for us to go to this birthday party
I was really guessed by this trash
Humph, this is the design frame of the centipede spirit today.
I used to take great pains
I just happened to go over and catch them all
It also happened to give the Qin family a big gift